# Skin-and-Sound

Aarohi and i have been working on this project all quarter trying to make a skin like wearbale that could look and feel like skin and emulate sound and light when we are approached by people. the embroidered spirals on the bodice are speakers that make sound as people come close to me via distance sensor. The material is a silicon coated fabric, and the arms have small smd leds that light up as we connect and hold hands (or touch each other's soft pressure sensors). we failed a million times but in the end we were able to get an organic skin like peace that was in some ways a successful prototype for our ideas. I would love to continue this project in my future and refine the electronics so that I can get a louder sound (perhaps better amplifiers) and also a more accurate sensors that trigger the lights. My inspiration for this project was the animalistic response to danger and the human desire to form a connection. When approached, I wanted the sounds to come from the heart, back , and stomache, as a way to physicalize our inner emotional responses to danger or anxiety. The lights were a part of Aarohi's project. She wanted to show a physical reaction to connection. The two of our projects aligned to create a longer project of how humans interact and connect on different levels. 

Originally I used a tip 120 amplifier for the speakers and played with the mozzi library but in the end I went back to using the square tones that are available on arduino because it was louder than any other sound I tried. I would like to revisit the mozzi library and perhaps change some of the electronics in the piece so that I can get a louder more interesting sound. 
